hi I'm Jennifer Backhouse QV and i'm
doing a video to show you guys what my
current forced hot favourite handbags
are from dad house so my first one that
i'm here to show you is by new gene this
is called the rock chick studded
messenger bag it is flap over it's
really simple but at the bottom it has
these really great studs it kind of
reminds me of the Alexander Wang dag
except it's much more affordable and on
a website believe it's less than fifty
dollars so you can go wrong with this
for the price it's like I said it's left
over and it's magnetic closure and it
also has a zipper closure so it's really
really secure and it has polka dot
interior it also has this back pocket so
you can put your keys put your cell
phone it's basically a great bag just
for every day just to go shopping so
whatever you need it so once again this
is the new g5 instead and messenger back
so the next time i'm going to show you
is the holy kitty quilted base bag
messenger if you're familiar with
quality on our website we have a holic
it equal to face bag but this is a
little different and this is a messenger
style so you can use it on your shoulder
i prefer it on my shoulder but you can
also use it as a messenger style so it's
hands-free it's great if you're on the
go as well this also has the same
features as the bag it has the face the
base it has the bow and it also has them
signature in the back it is flap over so
you can easily open it and inside and
has the hollow kitty lining inside so
this is the hollow kitty quilted base
bag messenger the next time i'm going to
show
is the urban expressions rep city bag
this bag is great because it has these
really cool tassels in the front it has
a lot of pockets it has this front
pocket with the different closure so you
can put keys you can put your cell phone
you can put anything you want it has a
bag zippered pocket as well and it has
these two side zippered pockets this is
great on your shoulder so if it's really
comfortable and this is a taupe color by
the way that I'm holding but it also
comes in other colors and like all the
other urban expressions bag this also
comes with a removable and adjustable
strap so it can also be a messenger bag
it also comes with the two open pockets
and the zippered pocket on the inside
and this really cool lining so this is
the urban expressions Rhapsody back the
last one that is my favorite is by Maya
Bianca this is the Miley bianco Alyssa
this is actually one of the newest
colors that we've got for spring 2012 I
love it's the turquoise color it comes
with this I want to see the silver gold
toned and it kind of has some cool tint
to it but also it's mostly sober and
it's great because you can adjust this
the bag here so if you have a lot of
things in your bag you can always unzip
it and it's great shoulder bag it has a
lot of room it's a hobo style bag so
it's not right under your arms really
comfortable and it also comes with a
removable and adjustable strap has the
two pockets in the front and has a turn
lock open and inside is really cute
because it has the polkadot interior so
this is the melee bianco Alyssa bag and
turquoise so these are my current
favorite for backs from back house
thanks for watching be sure to check out
more videos from back house TV